zkEVM docs review (#485)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/zkEVM/how-to/verify-contract.md

6. Click the **Verify and Publish** button.

> 7. There are 3 options to provide the Contract's code. We dive into the `Flattened source code` and `Standard input JSON` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. There are 3 options to provide the Contract's code. We look at the **Flattened source code** and **Standard input JSON** options.
```

        - Copy the ABI-encoded output.
        - Paste it into `ABI-encoded Constructor Arguments` if required by the contract.

Once you paste the contents of the newly created `.sol` file to the _Enter the Solidity Contract_ field, the **Verify & Publish** button becomes active.

Click on **Verify & Publish** to verify your deployed smart contract.

## Verify using Remix

> We use ready-made `Storage.sol` contract in Remix. Compile the contract and follow the steps provided below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the ready-made `Storage.sol` contract in Remix. Compile the contract and follow the steps provided below.
```
